source/includes/_all-single-text.md, before:

## All Single Text 

> Request example - `POST fromURL`...


```shell
curl --ssl-reqd --request POST --data url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fworld%2F2016%2Fjul%2F22%2Fmissing-flight-mh370-hunt-for-debris-will-not-be-extended "https://vm3.yonderlabs.com/1.0/text/allsingletext/fromURL?access_token=YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN"
```

> ... and response body (200/JSON):


```json
{
  "lang": "en", 
  "lang-ext": "English", 
  "sentiment": "neutral", 
  "tags": [
    "disasters and accidents", 
    "mh370", 
    "atsb", 
    "sumisha naidu", 
    "martin dolan", 
    "malaysia",
    "search",
    "area"
  ], 
  "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/22/missing-flight-mh370-hunt-for-debris-will-not-be-extended", 
  "text": "The hunt for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 is to be suspended if evidence of the missing jet is not found in the current search area. The transport ministers of Australia, Malaysia and China, representing the country leading the search, the airline and the home of the majority of its passengers, met to discuss the future of the search in the Malaysian federal administrative centre of Putrajaya on Friday. They announced that [...]", 
  "topics": [
    {
      "category": "disasters and accidents", 
      "score": 0.43648842879859323, 
      "level": 0
    }, 
    {
      "category": "corporate/industrial", 
      "sublevels": [
        {
          "category": "regulation/policy", 
          "score": 0.48749040688621503, 
          "level": 1
        }, 
        {
          "category": "capacity/facilities", 
          "score": 0.3472713949921758, 
          "level": 1
        }, 
        {
          "category": "production/services", 
          "score": 0.1652381981216092, 
          "level": 1
        }
      ], 
      "score": 0.29542684300638344, 
      "level": 0
    }, 
    {
      "category": "crime, law enforcement", 
      "score": 0.2680847281950233, 
      "level": 0
    }
  ], 
  "entities": [
    {
      "info": null, 
      "score": 1.0, 
      "type": "Organization", 
      "name": "MH370"
    }, 
    {
      "info": null, 
      "score": 1.0, 
      "type": "Organization", 
      "name": "ATSB"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malaysia", 
        "description": "Malaysia (/m\u0259\u02c8le\u026a\u0292\u0259/ m\u0259-LAY-zh\u0259 or /m\u0259\u02c8le\u026asi\u0259/ m\u0259-LAY-see-\u0259) (Malaysian pronunciation: [m\u0259lejsi\u0259]) is a federal constitutional monarchy [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.6, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Malaysia"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia", 
        "description": "Australia /\u0252\u02c8stre\u026ali\u0259/, /\u0259-/, or colloquially /-j\u0259/, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is an Oceanian country [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.6, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Australia"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chester", 
        "description": "Chester (/\u02c8t\u0283\u025bst\u0259r/ CHESS-t\u0259r), is a city in Cheshire, England. Lying on [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.6, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Chester"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China", 
        "description": "China (/\u02c8t\u0283a\u026an\u0259/; simplified Chinese: \u4e2d\u56fd; traditional Chinese: \u4e2d\u570b; pinyin: Zh\u014dnggu\u00f3), officially the People's Republic of China (PRC), is a sovereign state [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "China"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sumisha_Naidu", 
        "description": "Sumisha Naidu is a former Australian Broadcasting Corporation and KiniTV journalist and presenter [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Person", 
      "name": "Sumisha Naidu"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kuala_Lumpur", 
        "description": "Kuala Lumpur (/\u02c8kw\u0251\u02d0l\u0259\u02c8l\u028amp\u028a\u0259r/ or /-p\u0259r/; Malaysian pronunciation: [\u02c8kwal\u0259 \u02c8lump\u028ar]), is the federal capital and [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Kuala Lumpur"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beijing", 
        "description": "Beijing, sometimes romanized as Peking, is the capital of the People's Republic of China and [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Beijing"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tanzania", 
        "description": "Tanzania /\u02cct\u00e6nz\u0259\u02c8ni\u02d0\u0259/, officially the United Republic of Tanzania (Swahili: Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania), is a country in East Africa [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Tanzania"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Putrajaya", 
        "description": "Putrajaya is a planned city, 25 km south of Kuala Lumpur [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Putrajaya"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greece", 
        "description": "Greece  (Greek: \u0395\u03bb\u03bb\u03ac\u03b4\u03b1, Ell\u00e1da, pronounced [e\u02c8la\u00f0a] (13px )), officially the Hellenic Republic (\u0395\u03bb\u03bb\u03b7\u03bd\u03b9\u03ba\u03ae \u0394\u03b7\u03bc\u03bf\u03ba\u03c1\u03b1\u03c4\u03af\u03b1 [elini\u02c8ci \u00f0imokra\u02c8ti.a] Ell\u012bnik\u012b\u0301 D\u012bmokrat\u00eda) and known since ancient times as Hellas [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Greece"
    }
  ], 
  "keywords": [
    {
      "score": 1.0, 
      "name": "search"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 1.0, 
      "name": "area"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 1.0, 
      "name": "sq km"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 1.0, 
      "name": "aircraft"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.9, 
      "name": "ministers"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.9, 
      "name": "completion"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.9, 
      "name": "remain"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "transport"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "country"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "end"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "poor weather"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "absence"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "specific location"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "wreckage"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "plane"
    }
  ]
}
```


> Request example - `POST fromText`...

```shell
curl --ssl-reqd --request POST --data text="The hunt for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 is to be suspended if evidence of the missing jet is not found in the current search area. The transport ministers of Australia, Malaysia and China, representing the country leading the search, the airline and the home of the majority of its passengers, met to discuss the future of the search in the Malaysian federal administrative centre of Putrajaya on Friday. They announced that [...]" "https://vm3.yonderlabs.com/1.0/text/allsingletext/fromText?access_token=YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN"
```

> ... and response body (200/JSON):


```json
{
  "lang": "en", 
  "lang-ext": "English", 
  "sentiment": "neutral", 
  "tags": [
     "disasters and accidents", 
    "mh370", 
    "atsb", 
    "sumisha naidu", 
    "martin dolan", 
    "malaysia",
    "search",
    "area"
  ], 
  "url": null, 
  "text": "The hunt for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 is to be suspended if evidence of the missing jet is not found in the current search area. The transport ministers of Australia, Malaysia and China, representing the country leading the search, the airline and the home of the majority of its passengers, met to discuss the future of the search in the Malaysian federal administrative centre of Putrajaya on Friday. They announced that [...]", 
  "topics": [
    {
      "category": "disasters and accidents", 
      "score": 0.43648842879859323, 
      "level": 0
    }, 
    {
      "category": "corporate/industrial", 
      "sublevels": [
        {
          "category": "regulation/policy", 
          "score": 0.48749040688621503, 
          "level": 1
        }, 
        {
          "category": "capacity/facilities", 
          "score": 0.3472713949921758, 
          "level": 1
        }, 
        {
          "category": "production/services", 
          "score": 0.1652381981216092, 
          "level": 1
        }
      ], 
      "score": 0.29542684300638344, 
      "level": 0
    }, 
    {
      "category": "crime, law enforcement", 
      "score": 0.2680847281950233, 
      "level": 0
    }
  ], 
  "entities": [
    {
      "info": null, 
      "score": 1.0, 
      "type": "Organization", 
      "name": "MH370"
    }, 
    {
      "info": null, 
      "score": 1.0, 
      "type": "Organization", 
      "name": "ATSB"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malaysia", 
        "description": "Malaysia (/m\u0259\u02c8le\u026a\u0292\u0259/ m\u0259-LAY-zh\u0259 or /m\u0259\u02c8le\u026asi\u0259/ m\u0259-LAY-see-\u0259) (Malaysian pronunciation: [m\u0259lejsi\u0259]) is a federal constitutional monarchy [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.6, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Malaysia"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia", 
        "description": "Australia /\u0252\u02c8stre\u026ali\u0259/, /\u0259-/, or colloquially /-j\u0259/, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is an Oceanian country [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.6, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Australia"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chester", 
        "description": "Chester (/\u02c8t\u0283\u025bst\u0259r/ CHESS-t\u0259r), is a city in Cheshire, England. Lying on [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.6, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Chester"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China", 
        "description": "China (/\u02c8t\u0283a\u026an\u0259/; simplified Chinese: \u4e2d\u56fd; traditional Chinese: \u4e2d\u570b; pinyin: Zh\u014dnggu\u00f3), officially the People's Republic of China (PRC), is a sovereign state [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "China"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sumisha_Naidu", 
        "description": "Sumisha Naidu is a former Australian Broadcasting Corporation and KiniTV journalist and presenter [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Person", 
      "name": "Sumisha Naidu"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kuala_Lumpur", 
        "description": "Kuala Lumpur (/\u02c8kw\u0251\u02d0l\u0259\u02c8l\u028amp\u028a\u0259r/ or /-p\u0259r/; Malaysian pronunciation: [\u02c8kwal\u0259 \u02c8lump\u028ar]), is the federal capital and [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Kuala Lumpur"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beijing", 
        "description": "Beijing, sometimes romanized as Peking, is the capital of the People's Republic of China and [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Beijing"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tanzania", 
        "description": "Tanzania /\u02cct\u00e6nz\u0259\u02c8ni\u02d0\u0259/, officially the United Republic of Tanzania (Swahili: Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania), is a country in East Africa [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Tanzania"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Putrajaya", 
        "description": "Putrajaya is a planned city, 25 km south of Kuala Lumpur [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Putrajaya"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greece", 
        "description": "Greece  (Greek: \u0395\u03bb\u03bb\u03ac\u03b4\u03b1, Ell\u00e1da, pronounced [e\u02c8la\u00f0a] (13px )), officially the Hellenic Republic (\u0395\u03bb\u03bb\u03b7\u03bd\u03b9\u03ba\u03ae \u0394\u03b7\u03bc\u03bf\u03ba\u03c1\u03b1\u03c4\u03af\u03b1 [elini\u02c8ci \u00f0imokra\u02c8ti.a] Ell\u012bnik\u012b\u0301 D\u012bmokrat\u00eda) and known since ancient times as Hellas [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Greece"
    }
  ], 
  "keywords": [
    {
      "score": 1.0, 
      "name": "search"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 1.0, 
      "name": "area"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 1.0, 
      "name": "sq km"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 1.0, 
      "name": "aircraft"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.9, 
      "name": "ministers"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.9, 
      "name": "completion"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.9, 
      "name": "remain"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "transport"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "country"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "end"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "poor weather"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "absence"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "specific location"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "wreckage"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "plane"
    }
  ]
}
```


**Analyze your text with all API on single text**

This service analyzes your text content at once by applying all available API on single text, that are:

+ Text Extraction (fromURL only)
+ Language Detection
+ Taxonomy Classification
+ Sentiment Analysis
+ Entity Extraction
+ Concept Tagging

Allowed input sources are: text content contained in an URL ("from URL") or just simple text ("from text").
Employed taxonomies, depending on the text language, are:

+ "news-en" is the [Reuters taxonomy](http://www.ai.mit.edu/projects/jmlr/papers/volume5/lewis04a/a16-rbb-topic/topics.rbb) for news in English language;
+ "news-it" is one news taxonomy specific for Italian language.


### All Single Text - `POST fromURL`


Attribute | Type | Description | Values |
--------- | ------- | ----------- | ------ |
url | string, required | the URL of the text document | use [url-encoding](http://www.url-encode-decode.com/)|


Parameter | Type | Description | Values |
--------- | ------- | ----------- | ------ |
access_token | string, required | your access token (40 digits) | - |

Examples of how-to-call the API and the related output are provided in the right panel.

### All Single Text - `POST fromText`


Attribute | Type | Description | Values |
--------- | ------- | ----------- | ------ |
text | string, required | the text to be classified | pass the text between "" (e.g. "This is an example") or use [url-encoded](http://www.url-encode-decode.com/) text|


Parameter | Type | Description | Values |
--------- | ------- | ----------- | ------ |
access_token | string, required | your access token (40 digits) | - |

Examples of how-to-call the API and the related output are provided in the right panel.

<aside class="success">
Remember — insert your credentials for authentication! 
</aside>

Commit message:

added one specification on default parameter values to all-single-text-API.

source/includes/_all-single-text.md, after:

## All Single Text 

> Request example - `POST fromURL`...


```shell
curl --ssl-reqd --request POST --data url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fworld%2F2016%2Fjul%2F22%2Fmissing-flight-mh370-hunt-for-debris-will-not-be-extended "https://vm3.yonderlabs.com/1.0/text/allsingletext/fromURL?access_token=YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN"
```

> ... and response body (200/JSON):


```json
{
  "lang": "en", 
  "lang-ext": "English", 
  "sentiment": "neutral", 
  "tags": [
    "disasters and accidents", 
    "mh370", 
    "atsb", 
    "sumisha naidu", 
    "martin dolan", 
    "malaysia",
    "search",
    "area"
  ], 
  "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/22/missing-flight-mh370-hunt-for-debris-will-not-be-extended", 
  "text": "The hunt for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 is to be suspended if evidence of the missing jet is not found in the current search area. The transport ministers of Australia, Malaysia and China, representing the country leading the search, the airline and the home of the majority of its passengers, met to discuss the future of the search in the Malaysian federal administrative centre of Putrajaya on Friday. They announced that [...]", 
  "topics": [
    {
      "category": "disasters and accidents", 
      "score": 0.43648842879859323, 
      "level": 0
    }, 
    {
      "category": "corporate/industrial", 
      "sublevels": [
        {
          "category": "regulation/policy", 
          "score": 0.48749040688621503, 
          "level": 1
        }, 
        {
          "category": "capacity/facilities", 
          "score": 0.3472713949921758, 
          "level": 1
        }, 
        {
          "category": "production/services", 
          "score": 0.1652381981216092, 
          "level": 1
        }
      ], 
      "score": 0.29542684300638344, 
      "level": 0
    }, 
    {
      "category": "crime, law enforcement", 
      "score": 0.2680847281950233, 
      "level": 0
    }
  ], 
  "entities": [
    {
      "info": null, 
      "score": 1.0, 
      "type": "Organization", 
      "name": "MH370"
    }, 
    {
      "info": null, 
      "score": 1.0, 
      "type": "Organization", 
      "name": "ATSB"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malaysia", 
        "description": "Malaysia (/m\u0259\u02c8le\u026a\u0292\u0259/ m\u0259-LAY-zh\u0259 or /m\u0259\u02c8le\u026asi\u0259/ m\u0259-LAY-see-\u0259) (Malaysian pronunciation: [m\u0259lejsi\u0259]) is a federal constitutional monarchy [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.6, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Malaysia"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia", 
        "description": "Australia /\u0252\u02c8stre\u026ali\u0259/, /\u0259-/, or colloquially /-j\u0259/, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is an Oceanian country [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.6, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Australia"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chester", 
        "description": "Chester (/\u02c8t\u0283\u025bst\u0259r/ CHESS-t\u0259r), is a city in Cheshire, England. Lying on [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.6, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Chester"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China", 
        "description": "China (/\u02c8t\u0283a\u026an\u0259/; simplified Chinese: \u4e2d\u56fd; traditional Chinese: \u4e2d\u570b; pinyin: Zh\u014dnggu\u00f3), officially the People's Republic of China (PRC), is a sovereign state [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "China"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sumisha_Naidu", 
        "description": "Sumisha Naidu is a former Australian Broadcasting Corporation and KiniTV journalist and presenter [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Person", 
      "name": "Sumisha Naidu"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kuala_Lumpur", 
        "description": "Kuala Lumpur (/\u02c8kw\u0251\u02d0l\u0259\u02c8l\u028amp\u028a\u0259r/ or /-p\u0259r/; Malaysian pronunciation: [\u02c8kwal\u0259 \u02c8lump\u028ar]), is the federal capital and [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Kuala Lumpur"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beijing", 
        "description": "Beijing, sometimes romanized as Peking, is the capital of the People's Republic of China and [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Beijing"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tanzania", 
        "description": "Tanzania /\u02cct\u00e6nz\u0259\u02c8ni\u02d0\u0259/, officially the United Republic of Tanzania (Swahili: Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania), is a country in East Africa [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Tanzania"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Putrajaya", 
        "description": "Putrajaya is a planned city, 25 km south of Kuala Lumpur [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Putrajaya"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greece", 
        "description": "Greece  (Greek: \u0395\u03bb\u03bb\u03ac\u03b4\u03b1, Ell\u00e1da, pronounced [e\u02c8la\u00f0a] (13px )), officially the Hellenic Republic (\u0395\u03bb\u03bb\u03b7\u03bd\u03b9\u03ba\u03ae \u0394\u03b7\u03bc\u03bf\u03ba\u03c1\u03b1\u03c4\u03af\u03b1 [elini\u02c8ci \u00f0imokra\u02c8ti.a] Ell\u012bnik\u012b\u0301 D\u012bmokrat\u00eda) and known since ancient times as Hellas [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Greece"
    }
  ], 
  "keywords": [
    {
      "score": 1.0, 
      "name": "search"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 1.0, 
      "name": "area"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 1.0, 
      "name": "sq km"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 1.0, 
      "name": "aircraft"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.9, 
      "name": "ministers"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.9, 
      "name": "completion"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.9, 
      "name": "remain"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "transport"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "country"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "end"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "poor weather"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "absence"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "specific location"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "wreckage"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "plane"
    }
  ]
}
```


> Request example - `POST fromText`...

```shell
curl --ssl-reqd --request POST --data text="The hunt for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 is to be suspended if evidence of the missing jet is not found in the current search area. The transport ministers of Australia, Malaysia and China, representing the country leading the search, the airline and the home of the majority of its passengers, met to discuss the future of the search in the Malaysian federal administrative centre of Putrajaya on Friday. They announced that [...]" "https://vm3.yonderlabs.com/1.0/text/allsingletext/fromText?access_token=YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN"
```

> ... and response body (200/JSON):


```json
{
  "lang": "en", 
  "lang-ext": "English", 
  "sentiment": "neutral", 
  "tags": [
     "disasters and accidents", 
    "mh370", 
    "atsb", 
    "sumisha naidu", 
    "martin dolan", 
    "malaysia",
    "search",
    "area"
  ], 
  "url": null, 
  "text": "The hunt for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 is to be suspended if evidence of the missing jet is not found in the current search area. The transport ministers of Australia, Malaysia and China, representing the country leading the search, the airline and the home of the majority of its passengers, met to discuss the future of the search in the Malaysian federal administrative centre of Putrajaya on Friday. They announced that [...]", 
  "topics": [
    {
      "category": "disasters and accidents", 
      "score": 0.43648842879859323, 
      "level": 0
    }, 
    {
      "category": "corporate/industrial", 
      "sublevels": [
        {
          "category": "regulation/policy", 
          "score": 0.48749040688621503, 
          "level": 1
        }, 
        {
          "category": "capacity/facilities", 
          "score": 0.3472713949921758, 
          "level": 1
        }, 
        {
          "category": "production/services", 
          "score": 0.1652381981216092, 
          "level": 1
        }
      ], 
      "score": 0.29542684300638344, 
      "level": 0
    }, 
    {
      "category": "crime, law enforcement", 
      "score": 0.2680847281950233, 
      "level": 0
    }
  ], 
  "entities": [
    {
      "info": null, 
      "score": 1.0, 
      "type": "Organization", 
      "name": "MH370"
    }, 
    {
      "info": null, 
      "score": 1.0, 
      "type": "Organization", 
      "name": "ATSB"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malaysia", 
        "description": "Malaysia (/m\u0259\u02c8le\u026a\u0292\u0259/ m\u0259-LAY-zh\u0259 or /m\u0259\u02c8le\u026asi\u0259/ m\u0259-LAY-see-\u0259) (Malaysian pronunciation: [m\u0259lejsi\u0259]) is a federal constitutional monarchy [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.6, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Malaysia"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia", 
        "description": "Australia /\u0252\u02c8stre\u026ali\u0259/, /\u0259-/, or colloquially /-j\u0259/, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is an Oceanian country [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.6, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Australia"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chester", 
        "description": "Chester (/\u02c8t\u0283\u025bst\u0259r/ CHESS-t\u0259r), is a city in Cheshire, England. Lying on [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.6, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Chester"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China", 
        "description": "China (/\u02c8t\u0283a\u026an\u0259/; simplified Chinese: \u4e2d\u56fd; traditional Chinese: \u4e2d\u570b; pinyin: Zh\u014dnggu\u00f3), officially the People's Republic of China (PRC), is a sovereign state [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "China"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sumisha_Naidu", 
        "description": "Sumisha Naidu is a former Australian Broadcasting Corporation and KiniTV journalist and presenter [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Person", 
      "name": "Sumisha Naidu"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kuala_Lumpur", 
        "description": "Kuala Lumpur (/\u02c8kw\u0251\u02d0l\u0259\u02c8l\u028amp\u028a\u0259r/ or /-p\u0259r/; Malaysian pronunciation: [\u02c8kwal\u0259 \u02c8lump\u028ar]), is the federal capital and [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Kuala Lumpur"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beijing", 
        "description": "Beijing, sometimes romanized as Peking, is the capital of the People's Republic of China and [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Beijing"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tanzania", 
        "description": "Tanzania /\u02cct\u00e6nz\u0259\u02c8ni\u02d0\u0259/, officially the United Republic of Tanzania (Swahili: Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania), is a country in East Africa [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Tanzania"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Putrajaya", 
        "description": "Putrajaya is a planned city, 25 km south of Kuala Lumpur [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Putrajaya"
    }, 
    {
      "info": {
        "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greece", 
        "description": "Greece  (Greek: \u0395\u03bb\u03bb\u03ac\u03b4\u03b1, Ell\u00e1da, pronounced [e\u02c8la\u00f0a] (13px )), officially the Hellenic Republic (\u0395\u03bb\u03bb\u03b7\u03bd\u03b9\u03ba\u03ae \u0394\u03b7\u03bc\u03bf\u03ba\u03c1\u03b1\u03c4\u03af\u03b1 [elini\u02c8ci \u00f0imokra\u02c8ti.a] Ell\u012bnik\u012b\u0301 D\u012bmokrat\u00eda) and known since ancient times as Hellas [...]"
      }, 
      "score": 0.2, 
      "type": "Place", 
      "name": "Greece"
    }
  ], 
  "keywords": [
    {
      "score": 1.0, 
      "name": "search"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 1.0, 
      "name": "area"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 1.0, 
      "name": "sq km"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 1.0, 
      "name": "aircraft"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.9, 
      "name": "ministers"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.9, 
      "name": "completion"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.9, 
      "name": "remain"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "transport"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "country"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "end"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "poor weather"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "absence"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "specific location"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "wreckage"
    }, 
    {
      "score": 0.4, 
      "name": "plane"
    }
  ]
}
```


**Analyze your text with all API on single text**

This service analyzes your text content at once by applying all available API on single text, that are:

+ Text Extraction (fromURL only)
+ Language Detection
+ Taxonomy Classification
+ Sentiment Analysis
+ Entity Extraction
+ Keyword Extraction
+ Concept Tagging

Allowed input sources are: text content contained in an URL ("from URL") or just simple text ("from text").
Employed taxonomies, depending on the text language, are:

+ "news-en" is the [Reuters taxonomy](http://www.ai.mit.edu/projects/jmlr/papers/volume5/lewis04a/a16-rbb-topic/topics.rbb) for news in English language;
+ "news-it" is one news taxonomy specific for Italian language.

The parameter values are the default ones of the single API (i.e. all results for Entity Extraction API and Keyword Extraction API, 10 results for Concept Tagging API).


### All Single Text - `POST fromURL`


Attribute | Type | Description | Values |
--------- | ------- | ----------- | ------ |
url | string, required | the URL of the text document | use [url-encoding](http://www.url-encode-decode.com/)|


Parameter | Type | Description | Values |
--------- | ------- | ----------- | ------ |
access_token | string, required | your access token (40 digits) | - |

Examples of how-to-call the API and the related output are provided in the right panel.

### All Single Text - `POST fromText`


Attribute | Type | Description | Values |
--------- | ------- | ----------- | ------ |
text | string, required | the text to be classified | pass the text between "" (e.g. "This is an example") or use [url-encoded](http://www.url-encode-decode.com/) text|


Parameter | Type | Description | Values |
--------- | ------- | ----------- | ------ |
access_token | string, required | your access token (40 digits) | - |

Examples of how-to-call the API and the related output are provided in the right panel.

<aside class="success">
Remember — insert your credentials for authentication! 
</aside>
