source/includes/_language-detection.md, before:

## Language Detection 

> Request example - `POST fromURL`...


```shell
curl --ssl-reqd --request POST -u YOUR_USERNAME:YOUR_PASSWORD --data url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theatlantic.com%2Finternational%2Farchive%2F2015%2F11%2Frussia-doping-2016-olympics%2F416604%2F "https://vm3.yonderlabs.com/1.0/text/languagedetection/fromURL"
```
> ... and response body (200/JSON):

```json
{
  "url": "http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2015/11/russia-doping-2016-olympics/416604/", 
  "text": "With less than nine months to go for the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Russia is trying to break a world record in the 90-day sprint. A little more than a week after a commission of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) issued a report that accused Russia of essentially hosting a state-sponsored doping program, Russia launched a task force to rid itself of its doping infection so it may compete in the Olympics [...].", 
  "lang-ext": "English", 
  "lang": "en"
}
```


> Request example - `POST fromText`...

```shell
curl --ssl-reqd --request POST -u YOUR_USERNAME:YOUR_PASSWORD --data text="With less than nine months to go for the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Russia is trying to break a world record in the 90-day sprint. A little more than a week after a commission of the world Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) issued a report that accused Russia of essentially hosting a state-sponsored doping program, Russia launched a task force to rid itself of its doping infection so it may compete in the Olympics [...]." "https://vm3.yonderlabs.com/1.0/text/languagedetection/fromText"
```

> ... and response body (200/JSON):

```json
{
  "url": null, 
  "text": "With less than nine months to go for the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Russia is trying to break a world record in the 90-day sprint. A little more than a week after a commission of the world Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) issued a report that accused Russia of essentially hosting a state-sponsored doping program, Russia launched a task force to rid itself of its doping infection so it may compete in the Olympics [...].", 
  "lang-ext": "English", 
  "lang": "en"
}
```








**Recognize the language of your text (over 50 languages)**

This service recognizes the language a document were written in, including English, Italian, Spanish, French, German, and other main languages.
Allowed input sources are: text content contained in an URL ("from URL") or just simple text ("from text").


### Language Extraction - `POST fromURL`


Attribute | Type | Description | Values |
--------- | ------- | ----------- | ------ |
url | string, required | the URL of the text document | use [url-encoding](http://www.url-encode-decode.com/)|

Examples of how-to-call the API and the related output are provided in the right panel.

### Language Extraction - `POST fromText`


Attribute | Type | Description | Values |
--------- | ------- | ----------- | ------ |
text | string, required | the text to be classified | pass the text between "" (e.g. "This is an example") or use [url-encoded](http://www.url-encode-decode.com/) text|


Examples of how-to-call the API and the related output are provided in the right panel.

<aside class="success">
Remember — insert your credentials for authentication!
</aside>

Commit message:

changed credentials to access_token

source/includes/_language-detection.md, after:

## Language Detection 

> Request example - `POST fromURL`...


```shell
curl --ssl-reqd --request POST --data url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theatlantic.com%2Finternational%2Farchive%2F2015%2F11%2Frussia-doping-2016-olympics%2F416604%2F "https://vm3.yonderlabs.com/1.0/text/languagedetection/fromURL?access_token=YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN"
```
> ... and response body (200/JSON):

```json
{
  "url": "http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2015/11/russia-doping-2016-olympics/416604/", 
  "text": "With less than nine months to go for the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Russia is trying to break a world record in the 90-day sprint. A little more than a week after a commission of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) issued a report that accused Russia of essentially hosting a state-sponsored doping program, Russia launched a task force to rid itself of its doping infection so it may compete in the Olympics [...].", 
  "lang-ext": "English", 
  "lang": "en"
}
```


> Request example - `POST fromText`...

```shell
curl --ssl-reqd --request POST --data text="With less than nine months to go for the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Russia is trying to break a world record in the 90-day sprint. A little more than a week after a commission of the world Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) issued a report that accused Russia of essentially hosting a state-sponsored doping program, Russia launched a task force to rid itself of its doping infection so it may compete in the Olympics [...]." "https://vm3.yonderlabs.com/1.0/text/languagedetection/fromText?access_token=YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN"
```

> ... and response body (200/JSON):

```json
{
  "url": null, 
  "text": "With less than nine months to go for the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Russia is trying to break a world record in the 90-day sprint. A little more than a week after a commission of the world Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) issued a report that accused Russia of essentially hosting a state-sponsored doping program, Russia launched a task force to rid itself of its doping infection so it may compete in the Olympics [...].", 
  "lang-ext": "English", 
  "lang": "en"
}
```








**Recognize the language of your text (over 50 languages)**

This service recognizes the language a document were written in, including English, Italian, Spanish, French, German, and other main languages.
Allowed input sources are: text content contained in an URL ("from URL") or just simple text ("from text").


### Language Extraction - `POST fromURL`


Attribute | Type | Description | Values |
--------- | ------- | ----------- | ------ |
url | string, required | the URL of the text document | use [url-encoding](http://www.url-encode-decode.com/)|

Parameter | Type | Description | 
--------- | ------- | ----------- | 
access_token | string, required | your access token (40 digits) |

Examples of how-to-call the API and the related output are provided in the right panel.

### Language Extraction - `POST fromText`


Attribute | Type | Description | Values |
--------- | ------- | ----------- | ------ |
text | string, required | the text to be classified | pass the text between "" (e.g. "This is an example") or use [url-encoded](http://www.url-encode-decode.com/) text|

Parameter | Type | Description | 
--------- | ------- | ----------- | 
access_token | string, required | your access token (40 digits) |

Examples of how-to-call the API and the related output are provided in the right panel.

<aside class="success">
Remember — insert your credentials for authentication!
</aside>
