## Text Summarization 


> Request example (summary from single text) - `POST fromURL`...


```shell
curl --ssl-reqd --request POST --data urls="https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/22/missing-flight-mh370-hunt-for-debris-will-not-be-extended" "https://vm3.yonderlabs.com/1.0/text/textsummarization/fromURL?nwords=100&access_token=YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN"
```



> ... and response body (summary from single text) (200/JSON):

```json
{
  "texts": [
    "The hunt for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 is to be suspended if evidence of the missing jet is not found in the current search area. The transport ministers of Australia, Malaysia and China, representing the country leading the search, the airline and the home of the majority of its passengers, met to discuss the future of the search in the Malaysian federal administrative centre of Putrajaya on Friday. They announced that it would “not end, but be suspended” if the completion of the two-year search of a 120,000 sq km arc of the southern Indian ocean west of Australia fails to yield any new evidence. Less than 10,000 sq km of that area remain, though progress is slow due to poor weather conditions. In a joint statement, the ministers acknowledged that “despite the best efforts of all involved, the likelihood of finding the aircraft is fading. “In the absence of credible new evidence leading to an identification of a specific location of the aircraft, the search would not end, but be suspended upon completion of the 120,000 sq km area.” Liow Tiong Lai, the Malaysian transport minister, told reporters that cost was not a factor in the decision. It was stressed that this did not mean the termination of the search, and that the aspiration to locate MH370 remained. But any next steps would be dependant on new information that could be used to identify the specific location of the aircraft. “We remain hopeful that the aircraft will be located,” said Darren Chester, the Australian minister for transport and infrastructure. The families of the 239 victims were informed before the press conference on Friday afternoon. Sumisha Naidu (@SumishaCNA)  This does not mean we have given up on the search for #MH370   - @liowtionglai pic.twitter.com/QrAi4ewYvF July 22, 2016 That the search would not be extended in the absence of any significant discovery has been consistently signalled by the Australian body in charge for more than a year. The Australian Transport Safety Bureau has led the underwater operation for the wreckage of the missing aircraft, which disappeared en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing in March 2014. Chester said in a statement on Thursday that the search had been “unprecedented in both size and scale, conducted in some of the world’s most isolated waters and at times in extremely challenging weather”. Progress on the final 10,000 or so sq km of the total search area – about the size of Greece – has been delayed by poor weather, meaning the search could extend into spring. In March, on the two-year anniversary of the plane’s disappearance, Martin Dolan, the head of the ATSB, said it was “very likely” the wreckage would be found within that area. But with that possibility dwindling with every square kilometre completed, experts have been forced to consider alternatives. The three countries agreed in April last year not to extend the search area beyond that 120,000 sq km. Paul Kennedy, the project director of Fugro – the Dutch company leading the search – acknowledged on Thursday that, if the plane was not found there, “it means it’s somewhere else”. The company later clarified that it believed the search area was the most probable place and as such the right place to search. But Richard Godfrey, a member of the so-called Independent Group of professionals conducting their own work to locate MH370, argued in a paper published earlier in July that the ATSB were looking in the wrong place. He identified a range of latitudes consistent with known data, ocean drift analyses and floating debris that was not captured in the priority search area. “The failure to find sunken wreckage ... is not surprising,” he wrote. “The underwater search has produced no results so far and the assumptions made in determining the ATSB priority search area should be re-examined.” To date, four pieces have been identified as almost certainly being from MH370, in addition to a wing flaperon found on La Réunion in July last year. A large piece of aircraft debris found on an island off the coast of Tanzania in June arrived in Canberra for examination earlier this week. It is thought to be a wing flap, but technical specialists from the ATSB are working with Malaysian investigators to determine whether it is from MH370. Map of search area"
  ],
  "nwords": 100,
  "ratio": null,
  "urls": [
    "https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/22/missing-flight-mh370-hunt-for-debris-will-not-be-extended"
  ],
  "summary": "The hunt for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 is to be suspended if evidence of the missing jet is not found in the current search area. The transport ministers of Australia, Malaysia and China, representing the country leading the search, the airline and the home of the majority of its passengers, met to discuss the future of the search in the Malaysian federal administrative centre of Putrajaya on Friday. “In the absence of credible new evidence leading to an identification of a specific location of the aircraft, the search would not end, but be suspended upon completion of the 120,000 sq km area.” Liow Tiong Lai, the Malaysian transport minister, told reporters that cost was not a factor in the decision."
}
```

> Request example (summary from multi texts) - `POST fromURL`...


```shell
curl --ssl-reqd --request POST --data urls="http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-climate-change-barack-obama-record-epa-global-warming-paris-agreement-carbon-emissions-a7653261.html" --data urls="https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/mar/28/trump-climate-change-executive-order-us-dominance-china" "https://vm3.yonderlabs.com/1.0/text/textsummarization/fromURL?ratio=0.1&access_token=YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN"

```

> ... and response body (summary from multi texts) (200/JSON):


```json
{
  "texts": [
####     "President Trump will take the most significant step yet in obliterating his predecessor’s environmental record on Tuesday, instructing federal regulators to rewrite key rules curbing US carbon emissions . The sweeping executive order also seeks to lift a moratorium on federal coal leasing and remove the requirement that federal officials consider the impact of climate change when making decisions. The order sends an unmistakable signal that just as President Barack Obama sought to weave climate considerations into every aspect of the federal government, Trump is hoping to rip that approach out by its roots. “This policy is in keeping with President Trump’s desire to make the United States energy independent,” said a senior administration official who briefed reporters on the directive Monday evening and asked for anonymity to speak in advance of the announcement. “When it comes to climate change, we want to take our course and do it in our own form and fashion.” Some of the measures could take years to implement and are unlikely to alter broader economic trends that are shifting the nation’s electricity mix from coal-fired generation to natural gas and renewables . The order is silent on whether the United States should withdraw from the 2015 Paris climate agreement, under which it has pledged to cut its greenhouse gas emissions between 26 and 28 percent by 2025 compared to 2005 levels, because the administration remains divided on that question. The order comes after several moves by Trump to roll back Obama-era restrictions on mining, drilling and coal- and gas-burning operations. In his first two months as president, Trump has nullified a regulation barring surface-mining companies from polluting waterways and set aside a new accounting system that would have compelled coal companies and other energy firms to pay more in federal royalties. The administration also has announced it will reconsider stricter fuel-efficiency standards for cars and light trucks and has approved two major oil pipelines, Dakota Access and Keystone XL , that Obama had halted. Accelerating fossil-fuel production on federal lands and sidelining climate considerations could lead to higher emissions of the greenhouse gases driving climate change and complicate a global effort to curb the world’s carbon output. But Trump has repeatedly questioned whether climate change is underway and emphasised that he is determined to deliver for the voters in coal country who helped him win the Oval Office. “He’s made a pledge to the coal industry and he’s going to do whatever he can to help those workers,” the senior administration official said. US coal jobs, which number about 75,000, have been declining for decades. The official did not predict how many jobs might be spurred by this shift in policy. The centerpiece of the new presidential directive, telling the Environmental Protection Agency  (EPA) to begin rewriting the 2015 regulation that limits greenhouse-gas emissions from existing power plants, will trigger a laborious rulemaking process and a possible legal fight. The agency must first get permission from the US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit, where the rule is tied up in litigation, to revisit the matter. Then, agency officials will have to justify reaching the opposite conclusion of the Obama EPA, which argued it was technically feasible and legally warranted to reduce carbon pollution by about one-third by 2030, compared with 2005 levels. “So, for the president, even if he would like to revoke the Clean Power Plan, he doesn’t have legal authority to do that,” said Jeffrey Holmstead, a partner at the Bracewell law firm who opposes the Obama-era rule. Holmstead, who headed the EPA’s air and radiation office under President George W. Bush, said he thinks the agency can justify reversing the regulation. But “they have to justify why they have changed,” he added. While environmental groups decried Trump’s move, mining officials welcomed it as an important course correction in federal energy policy. “This rule was an unlawful attempt to radically transform the nation’s power grid, destroying valuable energy assets and leaving our economy more vulnerable to rising power prices - all for an insignificant environmental benefit,” said Hal Quinn, president and chief executive of the National Mining Association. Environmentalists vowed to fight the executive order in court and press ahead with their goals on the state level. David Doniger, director of the Natural Resources Defense Council’s climate and clean-air programme, said unwinding the Clean Power Plan will not happen quickly, no matter what the president wants. “Tearing the rules down require going through the same process it took to build them up,” Doniger said. “We will make them face the music at every step.” Christopher Field, a professor at Stanford University’s Wood Institute for the Environment, said in an email that the directive carries long-term risks, rather than immediate ones. “Some are risks from eroding the position of US companies in the clean energy sector,” Field said. “Others are from the loss of irreplaceable natural heritage that is put in jeopardy by ill-conceived policies.” The President will also instruct the Interior Department to rewrite a 2015 rule, currently stayed in court, that imposes restrictions on hydraulic fracturing on federal and tribal lands. The directive will also make it easier to flare methane in oil and gas operations on federal land, by triggering the review of a rule the Interior Department finalised in November. Other aspects of the executive order can take effect immediately, though it is unclear how quickly they will translate into greater coal extraction. One section overturns a 2016 White House directive to consider climate change when agencies conduct reviews under the National Environmental Policy Act, a sweeping law that informed any federal decisions that have a significant environmental impact. Another provision instructs Interior’s Bureau of Land Management to lift a freeze on federal coal leasing. That moratorium has been in effect since December 2015. Tom Sanzillo, director of finance for the Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis, said in an interview that the move “becomes a largely politically symbolic measure for right now” because other, lower-carbon sources of energy are out-competing coal. He noted that US coal consumption has declined 27 percent since 2005, from 1.02 billion tonnes to 739 million tonnes in 2016, its lowest level in nearly four decades. “They’re not going to reverse the fundamental economic law here,” Sanzillo said. “There’s no market signal that’s telling them they should be mining more coal.” Still, regulatory relief could make some coal firms, nearly 50 of which have filed for bankruptcy since 2012, somewhat more economically viable. Some of the sector’s biggest companies - including Arch Coal, Peabody Energy and Alpha Natural Resources - are just now emerging from bankruptcy protection. Ethan Zindler, head of US research at Bloomberg New Energy Finance, said in an email that solar and wind are competitive with coal in some parts of the country and that natural gas ranks as the lowest-cost source of electricity generation overall. The sector that could suffer the greatest hit from the elimination of the Clean Power Plan is nuclear energy, which provides about a fifth of US businesses’ and households’ power. “Many of the 100 or so US plants are ageing, and approximately a third are economically uncompetitive today,” Zindler said. Without stricter federal emissions limits, he added, “there may be little to stop the retirement of these plants in coming years and their replacement with a combination of gas, wind and solar.” Separately, Trump has instructed federal officials to abandon the practice of factoring in the impact of climate change - what is dubbed “the social cost of carbon” - in their policymaking decisions. That calculus, which is currently set at 36 dollars per ton of carbon dioxide, aims to capture the negative consequences of allowing greenhouse-gas emissions to continue to rise. But some conservatives have criticised it as too sweeping. Federal officials will return to the traditional cost-benefit analysis the George W. Bush administration adopted nearly 15 years ago, which has a much lower cost associated with carbon emissions. As Trump seeks to scale back federal limits on greenhouse gas emissions, states and cities are likely to take on a larger role in charting the course forward. An analysis by the Rhodium Group, an economic consulting firm, found that Trump’s forthcoming executive order would slow the country’s shift away from carbon-emitting sources of energy. It found after Trump’s action, the United States would be 14 percent below its 2005 emissions levels by 2025, compared to 21 percent below that mark had current Obama-era policies remained in place. 10 photographs to show to anyone who doesn't believe in climate change 10 photographs to show to anyone who doesn't believe in climate change 1/10 2/10 Amid a flood in Islampur, Jamalpur, Bangladesh, a woman on a raft searches for somewhere dry to take shelter. Bangladesh is one of the most vulnerable places in the world to sea level rise, which is expected to make tens of millions of people homeless by 2050. 3/10 Hanna Petursdottir examines a cave inside the Svinafellsjokull glacier in Iceland, which she said had been growing rapidly. Since 2000, the size of glaciers on Iceland has reduced by 12 per cent. 4/10 Floods destroyed eight bridges and ruined crops such as wheat, maize and peas in the Karimabad valley in northern Pakistan, a mountainous region with many glaciers. In many parts of the world, glaciers have been in retreat, creating dangerously large lakes that can cause devastating flooding when the banks break. Climate change can also increase rainfall in some areas, while bringing drought to others. 5/10 Smoke – filled with the carbon that is driving climate change – drifts across a field in Colombia. A river once flowed along the depression in the dry earth of this part of Bangladesh, but it has disappeared amid rising temperatures. 7/10 Sindh province in Pakistan has experienced a grim mix of two consequences of climate change. “Because of climate change either we have floods or not enough water to irrigate our crop and feed our animals,” says the photographer. “Picture clearly indicates that the extreme drought makes wide cracks in clay. Crops are very difficult to grow.” 8/10 A shepherd moves his herd as he looks for green pasture near the village of Sirohi in Rajasthan, northern India. The region has been badly affected by heatwaves and drought, making local people nervous about further predicted increases in temperature. Riddhima Singh Bhati 9/10 A factory in China is shrouded by a haze of air pollution. The World Health Organisation has warned such pollution, much of which is from the fossil fuels that cause climate change, is a “public health emergency”. Leung Ka Wa 10/10 Water levels in reservoirs, like this one in Gers, France, have been getting perilously low in areas across the world affected by drought, forcing authorities to introduce water restrictions. Mahtuf Ikhsan Tim Profeta, who directs Duke University’s Nicholas Institute for Environmental Policy Solutions, said regulators from more than half-dozen states in the Southeast are now talking about how to chart their own path forward. Having met for nearly three years, the group stopped discussing how to comply with the Clean Power Plan after November’s election, but it is still talking. “We are now talking about the evolution of the power sector in an environment of uncertainty,” Profeta said in an interview. “We’re seeing the beginning of states taking control of their destiny.”",
    "Is Donald Trump’s determination to send US climate change policy back into the dark ages an “existential threat to the entire planet”, as the architect of many of Barack Obama’s green measures warns? Or is global momentum towards a cleaner, safer future “ unstoppable ”, as the UN’s climate chief said recently? Trump begins tearing up Obama's years of progress on tackling climate change Read more The answer lies somewhere in between and you can choose your point on that scale according to your optimism about whether society, governments and businesses will together rise to the challenge of beating global warming. One thing is clear, however: the slash-and-burn of federal climate action in the US is making one of humanity’s greatest ever challenges more difficult, just at the time when it needs to start getting easier. There are lots of possible pathways to the zero-emission global economy needed in the second half of this century to avoid the “ severe, widespread and irreversible impacts ” warned of by the world’s scientists. But the best is to start early, with global carbon emissions starting to fall by 2020. Encouragingly, emissions from fossil fuels seem to have levelled off in the past three years. However, Trump’s executive order undoing Obama’s clean power plan (CPP), alongside reversals making driving and fracking more polluting , might halt that progress. The US is the world’s second biggest emitter, pumping out 14% of global carbon dioxide, and canning the CPP could leave emissions 25% higher than otherwise. But there are good reasons to think that scrapping the CPP may fall a long way short of delivering the huge coal revival Trump has promised. Even the coal barons themselves don’t see that happening . Across the decades that energy investments stretch, the global move is clearly towards low-carbon and around the world coal is in freefall . A Trump blip is highly unlikely to see companies make billion-dollar bets on coal. Furthermore, with the costs of solar and wind power plummeting by 85% and 66% respectively since 2009 , many US states and cities see clean energy as the future, whatever the current federal administration thinks. As Trump’s healthcare and travel ban fiascos show, doing is a lot harder than tweeting. So while his climate assault is unlikely by itself to condemn the world to runaway global warming, it will make it tougher to tame. However, the rest of the world’s nations are not going to give up just because the US is choosing to free-ride on their efforts to halt climate change. At the annual UN climate summit in late November, Trump’s election win strengthened their determination to act, not weakened it. “It really concentrated the minds of 180 of the world’s countries to get on,” one senior delegate told me. Science is concentrating minds, too. Recent work shows the fast-heating Earth is now in “uncharted territory” , and just on Monday “human fingerprints” were revealed on extreme weather disasters around the world. The US has brought a great deal to the international climate effort: billions of dollars of funding that helped persuade poorer nations to accept the landmark deal in Paris in 2015, as well as world-leading scientific observation and research. Trump may pull all that from the table, but there are plenty of other players ready to step up, not least the European Union and China. China, the world’s biggest polluter, is now taking dramatic action to cut emissions, pushed by the foul air many of its citizens suffer and pulled by the likelihood of the low-carbon economy being the greatest growth story of the 21st century. John Podesta, the former Obama chief of staff who warns of Trump’s “existential threat” , is nonetheless far from despondent: “This threat alone is no reason to give up hope that we can still avert the most severe impacts of climate change. If the US cedes its leadership in the global movement to curb greenhouse gas pollution, other major powers, most notably China, are primed to dominate the coming clean energy economy.” It is also far from fanciful to imagine other nations penalising future US goods if they are produced with dirty energy. Politicians are already talking about such border carbon taxes and might point to the astronomical tariffs the US imposes on imports of which it disapproves, such as Chinese steel. It is doubtful that Trump’s blitzkrieg on “bullshit” climate change will herald the end of civilisation. But, given the issue’s critical importance for all nations and their unprecedented cooperation to date, it might just signal the end of the US’s dominance as the world’s pre-eminent political and economic power, with others taking up the mantle. Trump’s campaign pledge was “Make America great again” – his legacy could be “ Made China great again ”."
  ],
  "nwords": 150,
  "ratio": 0.1,
  "urls": [
    "http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-climate-change-barack-obama-record-epa-global-warming-paris-agreement-carbon-emissions-a7653261.html",
    "https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/mar/28/trump-climate-change-executive-order-us-dominance-china"
  ],
  "summary": "The sweeping executive order also seeks to lift a moratorium on federal coal leasing and remove the requirement that federal officials consider the impact of climate change when making decisions. “When it comes to climate change, we want to take our course and do it in our own form and fashion.” Some of the measures could take years to implement and are unlikely to alter broader economic trends that are shifting the nation’s electricity mix from coal-fired generation to natural gas and renewables . The order is silent on whether the United States should withdraw from the 2015 Paris climate agreement, under which it has pledged to cut its greenhouse gas emissions between 26 and 28 percent by 2025 compared to 2005 levels, because the administration remains divided on that question. Accelerating fossil-fuel production on federal lands and sidelining climate considerations could lead to higher emissions of the greenhouse gases driving climate change and complicate a global effort to curb the world’s carbon output. Without stricter federal emissions limits, he added, “there may be little to stop the retirement of these plants in coming years and their replacement with a combination of gas, wind and solar.” Separately, Trump has instructed federal officials to abandon the practice of factoring in the impact of climate change - what is dubbed “the social cost of carbon” - in their policymaking decisions. Is Donald Trump’s determination to send US climate change policy back into the dark ages an “existential threat to the entire planet”, as the architect of many of Barack Obama’s green measures warns? Trump begins tearing up Obama's years of progress on tackling climate change Read more The answer lies somewhere in between and you can choose your point on that scale according to your optimism about whether society, governments and businesses will together rise to the challenge of beating global warming. If the US cedes its leadership in the global movement to curb greenhouse gas pollution, other major powers, most notably China, are primed to dominate the coming clean energy economy.” It is also far from fanciful to imagine other nations penalising future US goods if they are produced with dirty energy."
}
```





> Request example (summary from single text) - `POST fromText`...


```shell
curl --ssl-reqd --request POST --data texts="The hunt for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 is to be suspended if evidence of the missing jet is not found in the current search area. The transport ministers of Australia, Malaysia and China, representing the country leading the search, the airline and the home of the majority of its passengers, met to discuss the future of the search in the Malaysian federal administrative centre of Putrajaya on Friday. They announced that it would “not end, but be suspended” if the completion of the two-year search of a 120,000 sq km arc of the southern Indian ocean west of Australia fails to yield any new evidence. Less than 10,000 sq km of that area remain, though progress is slow due to poor weather conditions. In a joint statement, the ministers acknowledged that “despite the best efforts of all involved, the likelihood of finding the aircraft is fading. “In the absence of credible new evidence leading to an identification of a specific location of the aircraft, the search would not end, but be suspended upon completion of the 120,000 sq km area.” Liow Tiong Lai, the Malaysian transport minister, told reporters that cost was not a factor in the decision. It was stressed that this did not mean the termination of the search, and that the aspiration to locate MH370 remained. But any next steps would be dependant on new information that could be used to identify the specific location of the aircraft. “We remain hopeful that the aircraft will be located,” said Darren Chester, the Australian minister for transport and infrastructure. The families of the 239 victims were informed before the press conference on Friday afternoon. Sumisha Naidu (@SumishaCNA)  This does not mean we have given up on the search for #MH370   - @liowtionglai pic.twitter.com/QrAi4ewYvF July 22, 2016 That the search would not be extended in the absence of any significant discovery has been consistently signalled by the Australian body in charge for more than a year. The Australian Transport Safety Bureau has led the underwater operation for the wreckage of the missing aircraft, which disappeared en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing in March 2014. Chester said in a statement on Thursday that the search had been “unprecedented in both size and scale, conducted in some of the world’s most isolated waters and at times in extremely challenging weather”. Progress on the final 10,000 or so sq km of the total search area – about the size of Greece – has been delayed by poor weather, meaning the search could extend into spring. In March, on the two-year anniversary of the plane’s disappearance, Martin Dolan, the head of the ATSB, said it was “very likely” the wreckage would be found within that area. But with that possibility dwindling with every square kilometre completed, experts have been forced to consider alternatives. The three countries agreed in April last year not to extend the search area beyond that 120,000 sq km. Paul Kennedy, the project director of Fugro – the Dutch company leading the search – acknowledged on Thursday that, if the plane was not found there, “it means it’s somewhere else”. The company later clarified that it believed the search area was the most probable place and as such the right place to search. But Richard Godfrey, a member of the so-called Independent Group of professionals conducting their own work to locate MH370, argued in a paper published earlier in July that the ATSB were looking in the wrong place. He identified a range of latitudes consistent with known data, ocean drift analyses and floating debris that was not captured in the priority search area. “The failure to find sunken wreckage ... is not surprising,” he wrote. “The underwater search has produced no results so far and the assumptions made in determining the ATSB priority search area should be re-examined.” To date, four pieces have been identified as almost certainly being from MH370, in addition to a wing flaperon found on La Réunion in July last year. A large piece of aircraft debris found on an island off the coast of Tanzania in June arrived in Canberra for examination earlier this week. It is thought to be a wing flap, but technical specialists from the ATSB are working with Malaysian investigators to determine whether it is from MH370. Map of search area" "https://vm3.yonderlabs.com/1.0/text/textsummarization/fromText?nwords=100&access_token=YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN"
```


> ... and response body (summary from single text) (200/JSON):

```json
{
  "texts": [
    "The hunt for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 is to be suspended if evidence of the missing jet is not found in the current search area. The transport ministers of Australia, Malaysia and China, representing the country leading the search, the airline and the home of the majority of its passengers, met to discuss the future of the search in the Malaysian federal administrative centre of Putrajaya on Friday. They announced that it would “not end, but be suspended” if the completion of the two-year search of a 120,000 sq km arc of the southern Indian ocean west of Australia fails to yield any new evidence. Less than 10,000 sq km of that area remain, though progress is slow due to poor weather conditions. In a joint statement, the ministers acknowledged that “despite the best efforts of all involved, the likelihood of finding the aircraft is fading. “In the absence of credible new evidence leading to an identification of a specific location of the aircraft, the search would not end, but be suspended upon completion of the 120,000 sq km area.” Liow Tiong Lai, the Malaysian transport minister, told reporters that cost was not a factor in the decision. It was stressed that this did not mean the termination of the search, and that the aspiration to locate MH370 remained. But any next steps would be dependant on new information that could be used to identify the specific location of the aircraft. “We remain hopeful that the aircraft will be located,” said Darren Chester, the Australian minister for transport and infrastructure. The families of the 239 victims were informed before the press conference on Friday afternoon. Sumisha Naidu (@SumishaCNA)  This does not mean we have given up on the search for #MH370   - @liowtionglai pic.twitter.com/QrAi4ewYvF July 22, 2016 That the search would not be extended in the absence of any significant discovery has been consistently signalled by the Australian body in charge for more than a year. The Australian Transport Safety Bureau has led the underwater operation for the wreckage of the missing aircraft, which disappeared en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing in March 2014. Chester said in a statement on Thursday that the search had been “unprecedented in both size and scale, conducted in some of the world’s most isolated waters and at times in extremely challenging weather”. Progress on the final 10,000 or so sq km of the total search area – about the size of Greece – has been delayed by poor weather, meaning the search could extend into spring. In March, on the two-year anniversary of the plane’s disappearance, Martin Dolan, the head of the ATSB, said it was “very likely” the wreckage would be found within that area. But with that possibility dwindling with every square kilometre completed, experts have been forced to consider alternatives. The three countries agreed in April last year not to extend the search area beyond that 120,000 sq km. Paul Kennedy, the project director of Fugro – the Dutch company leading the search – acknowledged on Thursday that, if the plane was not found there, “it means it’s somewhere else”. The company later clarified that it believed the search area was the most probable place and as such the right place to search. But Richard Godfrey, a member of the so-called Independent Group of professionals conducting their own work to locate MH370, argued in a paper published earlier in July that the ATSB were looking in the wrong place. He identified a range of latitudes consistent with known data, ocean drift analyses and floating debris that was not captured in the priority search area. “The failure to find sunken wreckage ... is not surprising,” he wrote. “The underwater search has produced no results so far and the assumptions made in determining the ATSB priority search area should be re-examined.” To date, four pieces have been identified as almost certainly being from MH370, in addition to a wing flaperon found on La Réunion in July last year. A large piece of aircraft debris found on an island off the coast of Tanzania in June arrived in Canberra for examination earlier this week. It is thought to be a wing flap, but technical specialists from the ATSB are working with Malaysian investigators to determine whether it is from MH370. Map of search area"
  ],
  "nwords": 100,
  "ratio": null,
  "urls": null,
  "summary": "The hunt for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 is to be suspended if evidence of the missing jet is not found in the current search area. The transport ministers of Australia, Malaysia and China, representing the country leading the search, the airline and the home of the majority of its passengers, met to discuss the future of the search in the Malaysian federal administrative centre of Putrajaya on Friday. “In the absence of credible new evidence leading to an identification of a specific location of the aircraft, the search would not end, but be suspended upon completion of the 120,000 sq km area.” Liow Tiong Lai, the Malaysian transport minister, told reporters that cost was not a factor in the decision."
}
```


> Request example (summary from multi texts) - `POST fromText`...

```shell
curl --ssl-reqd --request POST --data texts="President Trump will take the most significant step yet in obliterating his predecessor’s environmental record on Tuesday, instructing federal regulators to rewrite key rules curbing US carbon emissions . The sweeping executive order also seeks to lift a moratorium on federal coal leasing and remove the requirement that federal officials consider the impact of climate change when making decisions. The order sends an unmistakable signal that just as President Barack Obama sought to weave climate considerations into every aspect of the federal government, Trump is hoping to rip that approach out by its roots. “This policy is in keeping with President Trump’s desire to make the United States energy independent,” said a senior administration official who briefed reporters on the directive Monday evening and asked for anonymity to speak in advance of the announcement. “When it comes to climate change, we want to take our course and do it in our own form and fashion.” Some of the measures could take years to implement and are unlikely to alter broader economic trends that are shifting the nation’s electricity mix from coal-fired generation to natural gas and renewables . The order is silent on whether the United States should withdraw from the 2015 Paris climate agreement, under which it has pledged to cut its greenhouse gas emissions between 26 and 28 percent by 2025 compared to 2005 levels, because the administration remains divided on that question. The order comes after several moves by Trump to roll back Obama-era restrictions on mining, drilling and coal- and gas-burning operations. In his first two months as president, Trump has nullified a regulation barring surface-mining companies from polluting waterways and set aside a new accounting system that would have compelled coal companies and other energy firms to pay more in federal royalties. The administration also has announced it will reconsider stricter fuel-efficiency standards for cars and light trucks and has approved two major oil pipelines, Dakota Access and Keystone XL , that Obama had halted. Accelerating fossil-fuel production on federal lands and sidelining climate considerations could lead to higher emissions of the greenhouse gases driving climate change and complicate a global effort to curb the world’s carbon output. But Trump has repeatedly questioned whether climate change is underway and emphasised that he is determined to deliver for the voters in coal country who helped him win the Oval Office. “He’s made a pledge to the coal industry and he’s going to do whatever he can to help those workers,” the senior administration official said. US coal jobs, which number about 75,000, have been declining for decades. The official did not predict how many jobs might be spurred by this shift in policy. The centerpiece of the new presidential directive, telling the Environmental Protection Agency  (EPA) to begin rewriting the 2015 regulation that limits greenhouse-gas emissions from existing power plants, will trigger a laborious rulemaking process and a possible legal fight. The agency must first get permission from the US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit, where the rule is tied up in litigation, to revisit the matter. Then, agency officials will have to justify reaching the opposite conclusion of the Obama EPA, which argued it was technically feasible and legally warranted to reduce carbon pollution by about one-third by 2030, compared with 2005 levels. “So, for the president, even if he would like to revoke the Clean Power Plan, he doesn’t have legal authority to do that,” said Jeffrey Holmstead, a partner at the Bracewell law firm who opposes the Obama-era rule. Holmstead, who headed the EPA’s air and radiation office under President George W. Bush, said he thinks the agency can justify reversing the regulation. But “they have to justify why they have changed,” he added. While environmental groups decried Trump’s move, mining officials welcomed it as an important course correction in federal energy policy. “This rule was an unlawful attempt to radically transform the nation’s power grid, destroying valuable energy assets and leaving our economy more vulnerable to rising power prices - all for an insignificant environmental benefit,” said Hal Quinn, president and chief executive of the National Mining Association. Environmentalists vowed to fight the executive order in court and press ahead with their goals on the state level. David Doniger, director of the Natural Resources Defense Council’s climate and clean-air programme, said unwinding the Clean Power Plan will not happen quickly, no matter what the president wants. “Tearing the rules down require going through the same process it took to build them up,” Doniger said. “We will make them face the music at every step.” Christopher Field, a professor at Stanford University’s Wood Institute for the Environment, said in an email that the directive carries long-term risks, rather than immediate ones. “Some are risks from eroding the position of US companies in the clean energy sector,” Field said. “Others are from the loss of irreplaceable natural heritage that is put in jeopardy by ill-conceived policies.” The President will also instruct the Interior Department to rewrite a 2015 rule, currently stayed in court, that imposes restrictions on hydraulic fracturing on federal and tribal lands. The directive will also make it easier to flare methane in oil and gas operations on federal land, by triggering the review of a rule the Interior Department finalised in November. Other aspects of the executive order can take effect immediately, though it is unclear how quickly they will translate into greater coal extraction. One section overturns a 2016 White House directive to consider climate change when agencies conduct reviews under the National Environmental Policy Act, a sweeping law that informed any federal decisions that have a significant environmental impact. Another provision instructs Interior’s Bureau of Land Management to lift a freeze on federal coal leasing. That moratorium has been in effect since December 2015. Tom Sanzillo, director of finance for the Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis, said in an interview that the move “becomes a largely politically symbolic measure for right now” because other, lower-carbon sources of energy are out-competing coal. He noted that US coal consumption has declined 27 percent since 2005, from 1.02 billion tonnes to 739 million tonnes in 2016, its lowest level in nearly four decades. “They’re not going to reverse the fundamental economic law here,” Sanzillo said. “There’s no market signal that’s telling them they should be mining more coal.” Still, regulatory relief could make some coal firms, nearly 50 of which have filed for bankruptcy since 2012, somewhat more economically viable. Some of the sector’s biggest companies - including Arch Coal, Peabody Energy and Alpha Natural Resources - are just now emerging from bankruptcy protection. Ethan Zindler, head of US research at Bloomberg New Energy Finance, said in an email that solar and wind are competitive with coal in some parts of the country and that natural gas ranks as the lowest-cost source of electricity generation overall. The sector that could suffer the greatest hit from the elimination of the Clean Power Plan is nuclear energy, which provides about a fifth of US businesses’ and households’ power. “Many of the 100 or so US plants are ageing, and approximately a third are economically uncompetitive today,” Zindler said. Without stricter federal emissions limits, he added, “there may be little to stop the retirement of these plants in coming years and their replacement with a combination of gas, wind and solar.” Separately, Trump has instructed federal officials to abandon the practice of factoring in the impact of climate change - what is dubbed “the social cost of carbon” - in their policymaking decisions. That calculus, which is currently set at 36 dollars per ton of carbon dioxide, aims to capture the negative consequences of allowing greenhouse-gas emissions to continue to rise. But some conservatives have criticised it as too sweeping. Federal officials will return to the traditional cost-benefit analysis the George W. Bush administration adopted nearly 15 years ago, which has a much lower cost associated with carbon emissions. As Trump seeks to scale back federal limits on greenhouse gas emissions, states and cities are likely to take on a larger role in charting the course forward. An analysis by the Rhodium Group, an economic consulting firm, found that Trump’s forthcoming executive order would slow the country’s shift away from carbon-emitting sources of energy. It found after Trump’s action, the United States would be 14 percent below its 2005 emissions levels by 2025, compared to 21 percent below that mark had current Obama-era policies remained in place. 10 photographs to show to anyone who doesn't believe in climate change 10 photographs to show to anyone who doesn't believe in climate change 1/10 2/10 Amid a flood in Islampur, Jamalpur, Bangladesh, a woman on a raft searches for somewhere dry to take shelter. Bangladesh is one of the most vulnerable places in the world to sea level rise, which is expected to make tens of millions of people homeless by 2050. 3/10 Hanna Petursdottir examines a cave inside the Svinafellsjokull glacier in Iceland, which she said had been growing rapidly. Since 2000, the size of glaciers on Iceland has reduced by 12 per cent. 4/10 Floods destroyed eight bridges and ruined crops such as wheat, maize and peas in the Karimabad valley in northern Pakistan, a mountainous region with many glaciers. In many parts of the world, glaciers have been in retreat, creating dangerously large lakes that can cause devastating flooding when the banks break. Climate change can also increase rainfall in some areas, while bringing drought to others. 5/10 Smoke – filled with the carbon that is driving climate change – drifts across a field in Colombia. A river once flowed along the depression in the dry earth of this part of Bangladesh, but it has disappeared amid rising temperatures. 7/10 Sindh province in Pakistan has experienced a grim mix of two consequences of climate change. “Because of climate change either we have floods or not enough water to irrigate our crop and feed our animals,” says the photographer. “Picture clearly indicates that the extreme drought makes wide cracks in clay. Crops are very difficult to grow.” 8/10 A shepherd moves his herd as he looks for green pasture near the village of Sirohi in Rajasthan, northern India. The region has been badly affected by heatwaves and drought, making local people nervous about further predicted increases in temperature. Riddhima Singh Bhati 9/10 A factory in China is shrouded by a haze of air pollution. The World Health Organisation has warned such pollution, much of which is from the fossil fuels that cause climate change, is a “public health emergency”. Leung Ka Wa 10/10 Water levels in reservoirs, like this one in Gers, France, have been getting perilously low in areas across the world affected by drought, forcing authorities to introduce water restrictions. Mahtuf Ikhsan Tim Profeta, who directs Duke University’s Nicholas Institute for Environmental Policy Solutions, said regulators from more than half-dozen states in the Southeast are now talking about how to chart their own path forward. Having met for nearly three years, the group stopped discussing how to comply with the Clean Power Plan after November’s election, but it is still talking. “We are now talking about the evolution of the power sector in an environment of uncertainty,” Profeta said in an interview. “We’re seeing the beginning of states taking control of their destiny.”" --data texts="Is Donald Trump’s determination to send US climate change policy back into the dark ages an “existential threat to the entire planet”, as the architect of many of Barack Obama’s green measures warns? Or is global momentum towards a cleaner, safer future “ unstoppable ”, as the UN’s climate chief said recently? Trump begins tearing up Obama's years of progress on tackling climate change Read more The answer lies somewhere in between and you can choose your point on that scale according to your optimism about whether society, governments and businesses will together rise to the challenge of beating global warming. One thing is clear, however: the slash-and-burn of federal climate action in the US is making one of humanity’s greatest ever challenges more difficult, just at the time when it needs to start getting easier. There are lots of possible pathways to the zero-emission global economy needed in the second half of this century to avoid the “ severe, widespread and irreversible impacts ” warned of by the world’s scientists. But the best is to start early, with global carbon emissions starting to fall by 2020. Encouragingly, emissions from fossil fuels seem to have levelled off in the past three years. However, Trump’s executive order undoing Obama’s clean power plan (CPP), alongside reversals making driving and fracking more polluting , might halt that progress. The US is the world’s second biggest emitter, pumping out 14% of global carbon dioxide, and canning the CPP could leave emissions 25% higher than otherwise. But there are good reasons to think that scrapping the CPP may fall a long way short of delivering the huge coal revival Trump has promised. Even the coal barons themselves don’t see that happening . Across the decades that energy investments stretch, the global move is clearly towards low-carbon and around the world coal is in freefall . A Trump blip is highly unlikely to see companies make billion-dollar bets on coal. Furthermore, with the costs of solar and wind power plummeting by 85% and 66% respectively since 2009 , many US states and cities see clean energy as the future, whatever the current federal administration thinks. As Trump’s healthcare and travel ban fiascos show, doing is a lot harder than tweeting. So while his climate assault is unlikely by itself to condemn the world to runaway global warming, it will make it tougher to tame. However, the rest of the world’s nations are not going to give up just because the US is choosing to free-ride on their efforts to halt climate change. At the annual UN climate summit in late November, Trump’s election win strengthened their determination to act, not weakened it. “It really concentrated the minds of 180 of the world’s countries to get on,” one senior delegate told me. Science is concentrating minds, too. Recent work shows the fast-heating Earth is now in “uncharted territory” , and just on Monday “human fingerprints” were revealed on extreme weather disasters around the world. The US has brought a great deal to the international climate effort: billions of dollars of funding that helped persuade poorer nations to accept the landmark deal in Paris in 2015, as well as world-leading scientific observation and research. Trump may pull all that from the table, but there are plenty of other players ready to step up, not least the European Union and China. China, the world’s biggest polluter, is now taking dramatic action to cut emissions, pushed by the foul air many of its citizens suffer and pulled by the likelihood of the low-carbon economy being the greatest growth story of the 21st century. John Podesta, the former Obama chief of staff who warns of Trump’s “existential threat” , is nonetheless far from despondent: “This threat alone is no reason to give up hope that we can still avert the most severe impacts of climate change. If the US cedes its leadership in the global movement to curb greenhouse gas pollution, other major powers, most notably China, are primed to dominate the coming clean energy economy.” It is also far from fanciful to imagine other nations penalising future US goods if they are produced with dirty energy. Politicians are already talking about such border carbon taxes and might point to the astronomical tariffs the US imposes on imports of which it disapproves, such as Chinese steel. It is doubtful that Trump’s blitzkrieg on “bullshit” climate change will herald the end of civilisation. But, given the issue’s critical importance for all nations and their unprecedented cooperation to date, it might just signal the end of the US’s dominance as the world’s pre-eminent political and economic power, with others taking up the mantle. Trump’s campaign pledge was “Make America great again” – his legacy could be “ Made China great again ”."" https://vm3.yonderlabs.com/1.0/text/textsummarization/fromText?ratio=0.1&access_token=YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN"
```

> ... and response body (summary from multi texts) (200/JSON):

```json
{
  "texts": [
    "President Trump will take the most significant step yet in obliterating his predecessor’s environmental record on Tuesday, instructing federal regulators to rewrite key rules curbing US carbon emissions . The sweeping executive order also seeks to lift a moratorium on federal coal leasing and remove the requirement that federal officials consider the impact of climate change when making decisions. The order sends an unmistakable signal that just as President Barack Obama sought to weave climate considerations into every aspect of the federal government, Trump is hoping to rip that approach out by its roots. “This policy is in keeping with President Trump’s desire to make the United States energy independent,” said a senior administration official who briefed reporters on the directive Monday evening and asked for anonymity to speak in advance of the announcement. “When it comes to climate change, we want to take our course and do it in our own form and fashion.” Some of the measures could take years to implement and are unlikely to alter broader economic trends that are shifting the nation’s electricity mix from coal-fired generation to natural gas and renewables . The order is silent on whether the United States should withdraw from the 2015 Paris climate agreement, under which it has pledged to cut its greenhouse gas emissions between 26 and 28 percent by 2025 compared to 2005 levels, because the administration remains divided on that question. The order comes after several moves by Trump to roll back Obama-era restrictions on mining, drilling and coal- and gas-burning operations. In his first two months as president, Trump has nullified a regulation barring surface-mining companies from polluting waterways and set aside a new accounting system that would have compelled coal companies and other energy firms to pay more in federal royalties. The administration also has announced it will reconsider stricter fuel-efficiency standards for cars and light trucks and has approved two major oil pipelines, Dakota Access and Keystone XL , that Obama had halted. Accelerating fossil-fuel production on federal lands and sidelining climate considerations could lead to higher emissions of the greenhouse gases driving climate change and complicate a global effort to curb the world’s carbon output. But Trump has repeatedly questioned whether climate change is underway and emphasised that he is determined to deliver for the voters in coal country who helped him win the Oval Office. “He’s made a pledge to the coal industry and he’s going to do whatever he can to help those workers,” the senior administration official said. US coal jobs, which number about 75,000, have been declining for decades. The official did not predict how many jobs might be spurred by this shift in policy. The centerpiece of the new presidential directive, telling the Environmental Protection Agency  (EPA) to begin rewriting the 2015 regulation that limits greenhouse-gas emissions from existing power plants, will trigger a laborious rulemaking process and a possible legal fight. The agency must first get permission from the US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit, where the rule is tied up in litigation, to revisit the matter. Then, agency officials will have to justify reaching the opposite conclusion of the Obama EPA, which argued it was technically feasible and legally warranted to reduce carbon pollution by about one-third by 2030, compared with 2005 levels. “So, for the president, even if he would like to revoke the Clean Power Plan, he doesn’t have legal authority to do that,” said Jeffrey Holmstead, a partner at the Bracewell law firm who opposes the Obama-era rule. Holmstead, who headed the EPA’s air and radiation office under President George W. Bush, said he thinks the agency can justify reversing the regulation. But “they have to justify why they have changed,” he added. While environmental groups decried Trump’s move, mining officials welcomed it as an important course correction in federal energy policy. “This rule was an unlawful attempt to radically transform the nation’s power grid, destroying valuable energy assets and leaving our economy more vulnerable to rising power prices - all for an insignificant environmental benefit,” said Hal Quinn, president and chief executive of the National Mining Association. Environmentalists vowed to fight the executive order in court and press ahead with their goals on the state level. David Doniger, director of the Natural Resources Defense Council’s climate and clean-air programme, said unwinding the Clean Power Plan will not happen quickly, no matter what the president wants. “Tearing the rules down require going through the same process it took to build them up,” Doniger said. “We will make them face the music at every step.” Christopher Field, a professor at Stanford University’s Wood Institute for the Environment, said in an email that the directive carries long-term risks, rather than immediate ones. “Some are risks from eroding the position of US companies in the clean energy sector,” Field said. “Others are from the loss of irreplaceable natural heritage that is put in jeopardy by ill-conceived policies.” The President will also instruct the Interior Department to rewrite a 2015 rule, currently stayed in court, that imposes restrictions on hydraulic fracturing on federal and tribal lands. The directive will also make it easier to flare methane in oil and gas operations on federal land, by triggering the review of a rule the Interior Department finalised in November. Other aspects of the executive order can take effect immediately, though it is unclear how quickly they will translate into greater coal extraction. One section overturns a 2016 White House directive to consider climate change when agencies conduct reviews under the National Environmental Policy Act, a sweeping law that informed any federal decisions that have a significant environmental impact. Another provision instructs Interior’s Bureau of Land Management to lift a freeze on federal coal leasing. That moratorium has been in effect since December 2015. Tom Sanzillo, director of finance for the Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis, said in an interview that the move “becomes a largely politically symbolic measure for right now” because other, lower-carbon sources of energy are out-competing coal. He noted that US coal consumption has declined 27 percent since 2005, from 1.02 billion tonnes to 739 million tonnes in 2016, its lowest level in nearly four decades. “They’re not going to reverse the fundamental economic law here,” Sanzillo said. “There’s no market signal that’s telling them they should be mining more coal.” Still, regulatory relief could make some coal firms, nearly 50 of which have filed for bankruptcy since 2012, somewhat more economically viable. Some of the sector’s biggest companies - including Arch Coal, Peabody Energy and Alpha Natural Resources - are just now emerging from bankruptcy protection. Ethan Zindler, head of US research at Bloomberg New Energy Finance, said in an email that solar and wind are competitive with coal in some parts of the country and that natural gas ranks as the lowest-cost source of electricity generation overall. The sector that could suffer the greatest hit from the elimination of the Clean Power Plan is nuclear energy, which provides about a fifth of US businesses’ and households’ power. “Many of the 100 or so US plants are ageing, and approximately a third are economically uncompetitive today,” Zindler said. Without stricter federal emissions limits, he added, “there may be little to stop the retirement of these plants in coming years and their replacement with a combination of gas, wind and solar.” Separately, Trump has instructed federal officials to abandon the practice of factoring in the impact of climate change - what is dubbed “the social cost of carbon” - in their policymaking decisions. That calculus, which is currently set at 36 dollars per ton of carbon dioxide, aims to capture the negative consequences of allowing greenhouse-gas emissions to continue to rise. But some conservatives have criticised it as too sweeping. Federal officials will return to the traditional cost-benefit analysis the George W. Bush administration adopted nearly 15 years ago, which has a much lower cost associated with carbon emissions. As Trump seeks to scale back federal limits on greenhouse gas emissions, states and cities are likely to take on a larger role in charting the course forward. An analysis by the Rhodium Group, an economic consulting firm, found that Trump’s forthcoming executive order would slow the country’s shift away from carbon-emitting sources of energy. It found after Trump’s action, the United States would be 14 percent below its 2005 emissions levels by 2025, compared to 21 percent below that mark had current Obama-era policies remained in place. 10 photographs to show to anyone who doesn't believe in climate change 10 photographs to show to anyone who doesn't believe in climate change 1/10 2/10 Amid a flood in Islampur, Jamalpur, Bangladesh, a woman on a raft searches for somewhere dry to take shelter. Bangladesh is one of the most vulnerable places in the world to sea level rise, which is expected to make tens of millions of people homeless by 2050. 3/10 Hanna Petursdottir examines a cave inside the Svinafellsjokull glacier in Iceland, which she said had been growing rapidly. Since 2000, the size of glaciers on Iceland has reduced by 12 per cent. 4/10 Floods destroyed eight bridges and ruined crops such as wheat, maize and peas in the Karimabad valley in northern Pakistan, a mountainous region with many glaciers. In many parts of the world, glaciers have been in retreat, creating dangerously large lakes that can cause devastating flooding when the banks break. Climate change can also increase rainfall in some areas, while bringing drought to others. 5/10 Smoke – filled with the carbon that is driving climate change – drifts across a field in Colombia. A river once flowed along the depression in the dry earth of this part of Bangladesh, but it has disappeared amid rising temperatures. 7/10 Sindh province in Pakistan has experienced a grim mix of two consequences of climate change. “Because of climate change either we have floods or not enough water to irrigate our crop and feed our animals,” says the photographer. “Picture clearly indicates that the extreme drought makes wide cracks in clay. Crops are very difficult to grow.” 8/10 A shepherd moves his herd as he looks for green pasture near the village of Sirohi in Rajasthan, northern India. The region has been badly affected by heatwaves and drought, making local people nervous about further predicted increases in temperature. Riddhima Singh Bhati 9/10 A factory in China is shrouded by a haze of air pollution. The World Health Organisation has warned such pollution, much of which is from the fossil fuels that cause climate change, is a “public health emergency”. Leung Ka Wa 10/10 Water levels in reservoirs, like this one in Gers, France, have been getting perilously low in areas across the world affected by drought, forcing authorities to introduce water restrictions. Mahtuf Ikhsan Tim Profeta, who directs Duke University’s Nicholas Institute for Environmental Policy Solutions, said regulators from more than half-dozen states in the Southeast are now talking about how to chart their own path forward. Having met for nearly three years, the group stopped discussing how to comply with the Clean Power Plan after November’s election, but it is still talking. “We are now talking about the evolution of the power sector in an environment of uncertainty,” Profeta said in an interview. “We’re seeing the beginning of states taking control of their destiny.”",
    "Is Donald Trump’s determination to send US climate change policy back into the dark ages an “existential threat to the entire planet”, as the architect of many of Barack Obama’s green measures warns? Or is global momentum towards a cleaner, safer future “ unstoppable ”, as the UN’s climate chief said recently? Trump begins tearing up Obama's years of progress on tackling climate change Read more The answer lies somewhere in between and you can choose your point on that scale according to your optimism about whether society, governments and businesses will together rise to the challenge of beating global warming. One thing is clear, however: the slash-and-burn of federal climate action in the US is making one of humanity’s greatest ever challenges more difficult, just at the time when it needs to start getting easier. There are lots of possible pathways to the zero-emission global economy needed in the second half of this century to avoid the “ severe, widespread and irreversible impacts ” warned of by the world’s scientists. But the best is to start early, with global carbon emissions starting to fall by 2020. Encouragingly, emissions from fossil fuels seem to have levelled off in the past three years. However, Trump’s executive order undoing Obama’s clean power plan (CPP), alongside reversals making driving and fracking more polluting , might halt that progress. The US is the world’s second biggest emitter, pumping out 14% of global carbon dioxide, and canning the CPP could leave emissions 25% higher than otherwise. But there are good reasons to think that scrapping the CPP may fall a long way short of delivering the huge coal revival Trump has promised. Even the coal barons themselves don’t see that happening . Across the decades that energy investments stretch, the global move is clearly towards low-carbon and around the world coal is in freefall . A Trump blip is highly unlikely to see companies make billion-dollar bets on coal. Furthermore, with the costs of solar and wind power plummeting by 85% and 66% respectively since 2009 , many US states and cities see clean energy as the future, whatever the current federal administration thinks. As Trump’s healthcare and travel ban fiascos show, doing is a lot harder than tweeting. So while his climate assault is unlikely by itself to condemn the world to runaway global warming, it will make it tougher to tame. However, the rest of the world’s nations are not going to give up just because the US is choosing to free-ride on their efforts to halt climate change. At the annual UN climate summit in late November, Trump’s election win strengthened their determination to act, not weakened it. “It really concentrated the minds of 180 of the world’s countries to get on,” one senior delegate told me. Science is concentrating minds, too. Recent work shows the fast-heating Earth is now in “uncharted territory” , and just on Monday “human fingerprints” were revealed on extreme weather disasters around the world. The US has brought a great deal to the international climate effort: billions of dollars of funding that helped persuade poorer nations to accept the landmark deal in Paris in 2015, as well as world-leading scientific observation and research. Trump may pull all that from the table, but there are plenty of other players ready to step up, not least the European Union and China. China, the world’s biggest polluter, is now taking dramatic action to cut emissions, pushed by the foul air many of its citizens suffer and pulled by the likelihood of the low-carbon economy being the greatest growth story of the 21st century. John Podesta, the former Obama chief of staff who warns of Trump’s “existential threat” , is nonetheless far from despondent: “This threat alone is no reason to give up hope that we can still avert the most severe impacts of climate change. If the US cedes its leadership in the global movement to curb greenhouse gas pollution, other major powers, most notably China, are primed to dominate the coming clean energy economy.” It is also far from fanciful to imagine other nations penalising future US goods if they are produced with dirty energy. Politicians are already talking about such border carbon taxes and might point to the astronomical tariffs the US imposes on imports of which it disapproves, such as Chinese steel. It is doubtful that Trump’s blitzkrieg on “bullshit” climate change will herald the end of civilisation. But, given the issue’s critical importance for all nations and their unprecedented cooperation to date, it might just signal the end of the US’s dominance as the world’s pre-eminent political and economic power, with others taking up the mantle. Trump’s campaign pledge was “Make America great again” – his legacy could be “ Made China great again ”."
  ],
  "nwords": 150,
  "ratio": 0.1,
  "urls": null,
  "summary": "The sweeping executive order also seeks to lift a moratorium on federal coal leasing and remove the requirement that federal officials consider the impact of climate change when making decisions. “When it comes to climate change, we want to take our course and do it in our own form and fashion.” Some of the measures could take years to implement and are unlikely to alter broader economic trends that are shifting the nation’s electricity mix from coal-fired generation to natural gas and renewables . The order is silent on whether the United States should withdraw from the 2015 Paris climate agreement, under which it has pledged to cut its greenhouse gas emissions between 26 and 28 percent by 2025 compared to 2005 levels, because the administration remains divided on that question. Accelerating fossil-fuel production on federal lands and sidelining climate considerations could lead to higher emissions of the greenhouse gases driving climate change and complicate a global effort to curb the world’s carbon output. Without stricter federal emissions limits, he added, “there may be little to stop the retirement of these plants in coming years and their replacement with a combination of gas, wind and solar.” Separately, Trump has instructed federal officials to abandon the practice of factoring in the impact of climate change - what is dubbed “the social cost of carbon” - in their policymaking decisions. Is Donald Trump’s determination to send US climate change policy back into the dark ages an “existential threat to the entire planet”, as the architect of many of Barack Obama’s green measures warns? Trump begins tearing up Obama's years of progress on tackling climate change Read more The answer lies somewhere in between and you can choose your point on that scale according to your optimism about whether society, governments and businesses will together rise to the challenge of beating global warming. If the US cedes its leadership in the global movement to curb greenhouse gas pollution, other major powers, most notably China, are primed to dominate the coming clean energy economy.” It is also far from fanciful to imagine other nations penalising future US goods if they are produced with dirty energy."
}
```


**Produce a meaningful summary from your documents**

This API analyzes your text content and produces a short summary containing meaningful facts, events and relations.
If provided with more text inputs, the service distills content from multiple documents into a single summary.
Allowed input sources are: text content contained in an URL ("from URL") or just simple text ("from text").


### Text Summarization  - `POST fromURL`


Attribute | Type | Description | Values |
--------- | ------- | ----------- | ------ |
urls | string, required | the URLs of the text documents | use [url-encoding](http://www.url-encode-decode.com/)|

Please notice that if provided with more URL inputs, the service distills content from multiple documents into a single summary.

Parameter | Type | Description | Values |
--------- | ------- | ----------- | ------- |
nwords | number, optional | approximate number of words in the summary |   1,2, ..., 150 (default), ...
ratio | number, optional | compression ratio of the summary | [0.1, 0.2, ..., 0.9]. If 'ratio' is specified, 'nwords' is ignored
access_token | string, required | your access token (40 digits) | - 

Examples of how-to-call the API and the related outputs are provided in the right panel.
 

### Text Summarization - `POST fromText`

Attribute | Type | Description | Values |
--------- | ------- | ----------- | ------ |
texts | string, required | the texts to be summarized | pass the texts between "" (e.g. "This is an example") or use [url-encoded](http://www.url-encode-decode.com/) text|

Please notice that if provided with more text inputs, the service distills content from multiple documents into a single summary.

Parameter | Type | Description | Values |
--------- | ------- | ----------- | ------- |
nwords | number, optional | approximate number of words in the summary |   1,2, ..., 150 (default), ...
ratio | number, optional | compression ratio of the summary | [0.1, 0.2, ..., 0.9]. If 'ratio' is specified, 'nwords' is ignored
access_token | string, required | your access token (40 digits) | - 

Examples of how-to-call the API and the related outputs are provided in the right panel.



<aside class="success">
Remember — insert your credentials for authentication!
</aside>

